Basically, I want this story to be a whole bunch of diferent game types all in one
like a series of diverse mini-games with a story. I want the story to be crazy. You
should play Frog Fractions to get an idea of what I mean. Before even trying to add
to the story, actually, please play FrogFractions. It's great. Anyway, here's what
I've got thought up so far. If you think something (even if i have code for it already)
should be omitted or editted, please tell me. I want lots of ideas and fun stuff.
Thanks! 
Josh Vorick

You are a koala. you need food. you are too lazy to climb the tress, so instead, you punch them until all the leaves fall off.

Gamestarts with you having to click on targets on the tree to make leaves fall off
Then, you look up and see no more leaves on that tree, so you go to eat all the leaves that fell
In comes the puzzle game, an isometric grid of leaves where you have to flip all of them to have a certain sidfe up because you are an OCD as shit koala.
After eating all the leaves on the ground, you go on to find the next tree.
Tree punching game and leaf puzzle game alternate (1 tree punchin, 5ish puzzle, one tree punching, 5 puzzle)
See bottom of this document for more details on game design and ideas.
Then you meet another koala in the forest. You guys decide to team up because he is as fat and lazy as you.
GAME IDEAS:
-He punches it while you have to run around catching as many leaves as you can while avoiding sticks and birds and random shit like that.
-??? idk, that was my only idea...
Then you look and there are no more leaves in the forest
...you fatasses...
so you have to journey on to find a new place of eating/living
Next game:
One koala is rolling the other (yes you are that fat) along a path.
As one koala rolls the other, he becomes tired, but slowly loses weight. As you guys become lighter and more fit, you
  roll faster (level gets harder)
You arrive at your destination! It is a koala war camp/battle place
The koalas here are a part of a rebellion against Koala Hitler!
After being explained (Through dialogue or  cutscene) about his terrible reign, you join the cause
Then you go through some training to get koalafied, get some weapons, they should be wtf koala weapons. i.e. pomegranades? 
Fighting level!
You are fighting with buddies in battle until you push  Koala Hitler's forces back into the capital.
You get promoted to (insert pun here) and get to lead the charge on the capital
It is like a reverse TD, you choose which types of troops go in and they try to make it past hitler's defenses.
You fail, and get sent to some adventure map or something to wait.
Then you try agian and fail again.
You find out how dangerously weak the rebelling army is getting.
On ther next adventure map, you fall into a cave.
Cue trippy cave stage.
At the end of this stage, you find a weapon of mass destruction
You use it against koala hitler. It is like a nuke and nothing is left.
You find a video/book/something. Maybe there is a cutscene.
The player finds out that the old president/leader was actually really great, but the rebel leader was the real hitler.
He used propaganda and stuff like that to put everyone against the other guy.
Depressing/sad stage? gray color scheme sad music, no idea what gameplay woul be like...
then...idk what's next.


SEE ToDo.txt FOR UPDATE VERSION OF BELOW ITEMS!!!!!!!----------------------------------------------------------
Leaf Puzzle:
Flip leaves all to same orientation. Later levels have different selector (triangle -> rhombus -> trapezoid)
Can rotate selector
later on has rocks to block you from flipping (if one of selector is on rocks, none can flip)


TreePunching:

LeafEating with other koala

RoadRolling:
Press Space to switch koalas
after each level, each koala loses a certain amount of weight?
There are obstacles you have to dodge
As you run, you become tired and have slower reflexes to button presses
When the other koala is running, you regain energy.
